
Program Manager / Region Planner - AWS Data Center Planning
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan On-site 2 days ago 6 applicants

Full-time · Mid-Senior level
10,001+ employees · IT Services and IT Consulting
25 connections
See how you compare to 6 applicants. Try Premium for free

    Actively recruiting

Program Manager / Region Planner - AWS Data Center Planning
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan On-site
Description

Come build the future with us!

The AWS Data Center Planning Team is searching for a Program Manager / Region Planner to support the global infrastructure demand and supply planning processes for multiple AWS regions. You will work across the AWS Organization to align on both short- and long-range demand plans for data center capacity and the infrastructure response through the acquisition of space and power. You will oversee the forecasting process which establishes capacity plans and support strategic execution, including the acquisition of long lead infrastructure for the AWS regions. You will conduct modeling and scenario analysis and make data-driven recommendations that inform capacity and capital expenditure decisions. You will partner with key stakeholders to bridge changes in demand, address short- and long-term capacity constraints, and write supporting documentation for capital expenditures. You will monitor and help escalate the health of the infrastructure business to executive leadership.

If you enjoy being at the forefront of industry growth and development, operating in a highly ambiguous, rapidly growing environment and driving long range business strategy, this is the role for you.

Responsibilities Include

    Execute demand planning processes to help drive alignment across multiple stakeholders to develop infrastructure capacity plans for the acquisition of data center space and power.
    Review long term supply solutions and collaborate with Capacity planning stakeholders to ensure long term demand is met.
    Program manage and support activities required to gain capital expenditure approval for data center infrastructure
    Dive deep into planning models to identify risks and opportunities for region health and support resolution of constraints by demand and supply owners
    Conduct scenario and root-cause analysis to make data-driven recommendations which inform data center capacity acquisition decisions
    Communicate ideas concisely for purposes ranging from informative to need for approvals from executives.

Basic Qualifications

    BA/BS degree (Preferably in Engineering, Finance, Business, or Mathematics) or equivalent work experience

Preferred Qualifications

    Strong written composition and verbal communication skills
    Experience partnering with stakeholders to collect requirements and develop quantitative and qualitative analysis to solve business problems
    experience in capacity planning, production planning, operations planning, or inventory planning experience (e.g. forecasting, planning, optimization, etc.)
    Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Excel (look-ups & pivot tables)

Amazon is a committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.


Company - Amazon Data Services Japan GK

Job ID: A1831001
